Hey Guys, welcome to our movie recap channel.
Today we will be watching the movie “That’s
My Boy”. So, please turn on the subtitles
and spoilers ahead.
The movie starts in 1984 at a school. We see
Donny, a teenager who is quite popular in
his school. His friends start talking to him
about girls. But Donny seems uninterested.
He tells his friends that he is no longer
interested in girls of his age. He wants real
women. Then, we see the hot teacher of his
school. Every guy in the school is attracted
by her beauty. Her name is Mary.
Donny has two concert tickets. So, he asks
Mary if she wants to join him. Mary tells
him that she isn’t his girlfriend, and asking
teachers to go on a date is completely inappropriate.
But Donny doesn’t stop flirting with her.
So, Mary gives him a month’s detention.
In the detention room, Mary starts to seduce
Donny. She tells him that she was really aroused
by him. Donny doesn’t know if all this is
real. Then, Mary takes Donny to her office
and their affair starts. Their affair goes
on for quite a long time. They even start
meeting outside the school.
Then one day, there is a school program going
on in the auditorium. Suddenly, the whole
school starts to hear something. To answer
their curiosity, they open the curtains, and
find Donny and Mary together. The whole school
gets in shock of what they had seen. Mary
runs away in shame. But, Donny gets cheers
from the whole school, and he even enjoys
it.
Mary is taken to court for having a sexual
relationship with her student. At the court,
people find out that Mary is actually pregnant
with Donny’s child. Mary gets a 30 years
jail sentence, but Donny, on the other hand,
becomes a celebrity for impregnating his teacher.
Many news channels take his interview, and
he gets invited to many shows, which earns
him a lot of money.
28 years later, everything takes a turn in
Donny’s life. Donny has become an alcoholic,
and he has spent all the money he earned from
the fame he got from impregnating Mary. His
friend tells him that he hasn’t paid any
taxes in years. He owed exactly 43,000 dollars
to the government. And if he doesn’t pay
it, he will go to jail.
But, Donny has no money left. He only has
20 dollars to his name. His friends suggests
that he should bet that money on a fat guy
who was going to run a marathon. The betting
odds of that fat guy winning was 8000 to 1.
Donny thinks he has nothing to lose and bets
the money.
His friend asks him if he can get the money
from his son. But Donny reveals that his son
left him after he had turned 18. And since
then, they haven’t talked to each other.
This is the son that came after Mary’s pregnancy.
He named him Han Solo.
Now, we see Han Solo. But he has changed his
name to Todd. He has a beautiful girlfriend
named Jamie, and is soon going to get married
to her. The news of his marriage is in the
newspapers and Donny soon finds out about
it. He gets surprised to see his son lose
weight and change his name. He also finds
out that his son is now rich. After he left
Donny, Todd has kept information about his
parents a secret. So, he told the media that
his parents died in an accident. Donny is
furious to find out about all this.
Todd takes his girlfriend’s parents to his
boss’ house. His boss was letting them stay
there until the wedding. At the house, he
also gets to meet Jamie’s brother who is
a soldier. His name is Chad, and he warns
Todd about not hurting his sister.
Meanwhile, Donny goes to Vanilla Ice, who
was his friend, to get help about the money.
But Vanilla Ice doesn’t want to help him,
because Donny had slept with his mother. So,
Ice attacks Donny.
Later, he goes to a TV producer, and asks
him for his help. But, the producer says that
he cannot help him, and people no longer were
interested in him. So, Donny says that what
if they interview him and Mary, who was soon
going to get released from jail. The producer
seems interested, but he wants more. He asks
Donny about his son, and Donny replies that
Todd was very successful and rich.
Hearing this, the producer tells Donny that
if he brings his son and gets an interview
with him and Mary together, then he will give
him 50 thousand dollars.
Donny thinks about the money and immediately
goes to meet Todd. Donny goes to his house,
and gets to meet Jamie. He enters the house,
and Todd is surprised to see him there. Todd
gets nervous and introduces Donny as his friend,
and not a father. Todd starts to make things
up to make it seem like Donny is his friend.
Donny plays along with him, and makes up strange
stories. And everyone believes him.
Todd says that Donny should leave, but everyone
wants him to stay for the wedding, and Donny
gets to stay there. Later, Todd is mad at
Donny and asks him why he was there. Donny
doesn’t tell him about the interview. So
he lies that his mother was really sick and
he needs to see her before the surgery. Todd
doesn't believe him at all. They start to
get into an argument. Donny believes that
he was a great father, but Todd says that
Donny was the worst parent in the world.
Just then, Jamie calls Todd about the cocktail
party. And Todd wants Donny to wear a tie
for the party, but Donny says that it was
not his thing. However, he agrees to do it
after Todd says that he will give him 100
dollars.
At the party, Donny shows up wearing a tie,
but he has no pants on. Jamie introduces Donny
to Todd’s boss, and they get along quickly.
Donny impresses everyone at the party with
his fake stories. And one of the guests recognizes
him as the student that got his teacher pregnant.
Todd’s boss then also recognizes him and
asks him about the son he had with his teacher.
Donny says that his son grew to be a very
rude person, as he looks at Todd. Everyone
at the party knew Donny but no one knew that
Todd was his son.
Todd’s co-worker who is also the best man
for the wedding says that since Donny and
Todd are close friends, he should no longer
be the best man. He says that Donny should
be the Best Man at Todd’s wedding. Todd
says that it is not necessary, but Donny quickly
accepts the offer.
After that, Donny proposes to play a game
of baseball. Everyone is excited at this idea,
except for Todd. Everyone in the field seems
great at the sport, even the grand ma and
a little kid. But Todd is not athletic. Donny
bats the ball towards Todd, who fails to catch
it. Everyone thinks that Todd is a loser.
That night, Jamie tells Todd about Donny's
book. Donny had written a book with a message
that he loved his son. Todd gets emotional
after seeing this. He also wants to sleep
with Jamie, but she doesn’t want to ruin
the dress.
Next day, Jamie’s friends take her to the
bachelorette party. Donny asks if Todd has
a bachelor party or not. Todd’s friend says
he has arranged everything. But, Donny isn’t
too happy when he finds out the bachelor party
included a spa treatment.
He thinks this is the worst bachelor party.
He tells everyone that they should go to a
strip club. And they all follow him.
All of them have a fun night at the strip
club. Todd too seems to be having fun at his
bachelors party. Donny sends everyone off
to the house. And he keeps Todd with him,
as he wants to spend more time with him.
Donny gives Todd the ear ring of his mother
as a wedding gift. Todd seems happy, but he
doesn’t have a pierced ear. So, Donny pierces
his ear and puts the ear ring on Todd’s
ear.
Donny tells Todd that they should meet Uncle
Vinny. And Todd is surprised to find out that
Uncle Vinny was none other than Vanilla Ice
himself.
The three of them get wasted that night and
make quite more friends. Todd is really happy
and is enjoying the night very much. At the
end of it, Todd says that he will go visit
his mother in the jail. Donny realizes that
he shouldn't use his son for money. They spent
a very special night together and their bond
seems to be growing. So, Donny doesn’t want
to risk it for money. Donny tells Todd that
his mother was lying about being sick. So,
he doesn’t have to go visit her.
The two of them hug and go to sleep. Donny
finds Todd’s boss’ mother in his room.
And Todd goes on to make out with a mannequin.
Next morning. Jamie finds that Todd had puked
all over her dress. She says that there’s
something else on her dress. She tastes it
and finds out that Todd tried to have sex
with her dress. Donny, hearing this, is proud
of Todd. But Jamie demands that Todd fixes
the dress before their wedding.
So, Todd goes to get dry cleaning and calls
Donny to let him know that he was going to
meet his mother. Donny tries to stop him,
but Todd says that he wants to meet his mother.
Donny hurries up to go to the jail before
Todd, to not let him know about the interview,
which was going to pay him 50,000 dollars.
Donny reaches the jail and finds Todd waiting
to meet his mother. Donny tells Todd that
he shouldn’t be wasting time before his
wedding. But, Mary shows up. She is older
but she hasn’t changed one bit.
Mary is happy to see both Donny and Todd.
Todd too seems happy by seeing his mother
after a long time. Donny is mesmerized to
see Mary, and they both get a little nasty
through the phone. Todd is obviously disgusted
by them.
Just then, the TV producer comes to them with
a camera and starts asking questions to Todd.
He realizes that Donny came back to his life
to get this interview, so he could get some
money. Todd gets angry and leaves Donny.
Donny realizes that he made a mistake by coming
back to Todd’s life. He prepares to leave
the house, but he overhears Jamie talking
to Steve, Todd’s boss. Jamie was saying
that Todd will never find out. Donny realizes
that Jamie is cheating on Todd with his boss.
At the wedding rehearsal. Donny goes to Todd
to tell him about everything. Todd doesn’t
want to listen to anything he says. But, Donny
tells him about the affair between his boss
and Jamie.
Jamie comes forward and tells everyone that
she was planning a surprise for Todd, and
didn’t want him to find out. She says that
Donny heard the conversation, and misjudged
everything.
Donny realizes that he made a mistake, so
he gets out of there. After the rehearsal,
Jamie and her brother go together in a car,
leaving their parents and Todd alone.
Donny watches Todd from afar, and thinks about
how he can make things right between them.
His friend suggests that he should first apologize
to Jamie. So, Donny gets two ice creams and
goes to apologize to Jamie. But outside her
room, he hears Jamie having sex with someone.
Todd was obviously left behind. So, who was
she sleeping with.
Donny breaks into her room, and catches Jamie
cheating on Todd. And pretty soon, he sees
that the man Jamie was sleeping with was none
other than Chad, her brother.
Seeing this, Donny is shocked. He feels disgusted
by the incestuous relationship between Jamie
and Chad. He clicks a picture of them and
says that he will tell everything to Todd.
But, Jamie offers him money. Jamie says that
she will give him the money he needs, if he
shuts up and tells nothing to Todd. Donny
is desperate and he accepts the money.
Next day, Donny sits in his house ashamed
of what he has done. But, he realizes that
he still has time before the wedding. So,
he goes to Vanilla Ice, and asks for his car.
Vanilla Ice and Donny ride together pretty
roughly to crash Todd’s wedding. At the
wedding, the vows have been taken, and Todd
is going to accept the marriage.
Donny reaches the wedding just at time, and
stops everything. Todd is embarrassed to see
Donny ruin his wedding. Donny points at Jamie,
and says that he cannot allow his son to marry
such a woman.
Donny calls Todd his son in front of everyone.
Jamie is disgusted to find out that Todd was
the child of a sexual relationship between
a teacher and a student. Donny calls her out
for cheating on Todd. Jamie obviously refuses
the accusation, But, Donny shows everyone
the cheque that Jamie had given to him to
shut up about everything. Donny even tears
the cheque to prove that his son was more
important than the money.
Jamie tells Todd about her sleeping with Chad,
and says that they should get married anyway,
because they both weren’t perfect. But,
Todd is just disgusted to find out that Jamie
was sleeping with her brother. He tells everyone
at the wedding about the relationship between
Chad and Jamie, and needless to say, everyone
is disgusted as well. Chad blames everything
on Jamie, and leaves from there.
Jamie apologizes to Todd and asks him to accept
her. Todd looks at his dad and Vanilla Ice,
who both are shaking their heads. Todd finally
realizes his worth, and says No to Jamie.
He cancels the wedding, and then proudly tells
everyone that his dad was Donny.
Todd then tells his boss that he is quitting
the job. Vanilla Ice then tells Todd that
his boss was also sleeping with Jamie. His
boss tries to deny it. But Todd tells him
that Vanilla Ice and Donny had slept with
his mother, so he doesn’t feel that bad.
Todd then leaves the wedding with his father.
Todd is now happy with Donny, and says that
he wants to pay the money to save him from
going to jail. But, Donny says that he should
be responsible for his own actions, and doesn’t
want money from his son.
Just then, Donny’s friend comes to them,
and turns on the TV. The fat guy that Donny
bet 20 dollars on was doing pretty good in
the marathon. Donny seems to have a chance
of winning the bet. The fat guy passes every
runner in front of him, and unexpectedly wins
the race. And with that, Donny wins 160,000
dollars from the 20 dollars he bet. In the
end, Donny doesn’t have to go to jail. Everyone
cheers and the movie ends.
Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed the video,
please leave a like, and subscribe to the
channel to never miss out on our videos.